hey guys are my Mary my Mary party 9
what did it on now buddy I'm sorry
without this stupid they're like that
last ever why did you last no didn't you
write about moving will change direction
he's time I play it's a block I'll lead
you turn I heard that burp not know how
that's I don't know what happen here
folks there's a bomb bomb on your
vehicle look out hit a button you're
gonna be gone shortly how do you get rid
of the bomb
Oh minus 3 stars thanks bye so yeah but
we don't know what's going on here yeah
do you know nobody battery's gonna die
in a second only one minute of this
thing hey folks looks good Mario's turn
what does it come on for my then we
gonna 51 yeah oh gosh lose three mini
stairs yeah cuz it my turn yet you got
minus three space left nice block that's
not too bad i'm using that still
something there hi Romy first 55 meters
yes of course of picking finger-painting
upper mobility yo ones okay after a few
hours the batteries recharged we're all
set to go again this camera I should be
nobody used to jump walks around up high
did you go up I've up looking out
Hispanic okay I just want to make sure
we get the right video okay okay okay
we're all set to go upward mobility is
that where we are heading back into a
toad road hold the road sideways press 2
and ready okay good do
put them on easy mac I'm doing pretty
good yeah I mean damn honey well no I
got the bottom again if you're wondering
I'm Mario I'm lijiang on the aim oh no I
came in fourth I thought some pretty
good though oh yeah right yeah okay guys
that's pretty good okay that's pretty
good job I don't know it vertically now
ok now that we go mm-hmm pretty good
chapter thanks for lunch fat what's the
end of that chapter thanks guys
appreciate